Update backup-and-restore-tool.md (#3726)
pingcap/docs: br/backup-and-restore-tool.md

</details>

> ## How to use

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## How to use BR
```

> Currently, two methods can be used to run backup and recovery: SQL and command line tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Currently, you can use SQL statements or the command-line tool to perform backup and restore.
```

> ### Through SQL 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use SQL statements 
```

> TiDB v4.0.2 and later versions support backup and restore through SQL statements. For details, see [Backup syntax](/sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md#backup) and [Restore syntax](/sql-statements/sql-statement-restore.md#restore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB v4.0.2 and later versions support backup and restore operations using SQL statements. For details, see the [Backup syntax](/sql-statements/sql-statement-backup.md#backup) and the [Restore syntax](/sql-statements/sql-statement-restore.md#restore).
```

> ### Through command line tools

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Use the command-line tool
```

> Also, you can use command line tools. First, you need to download a Binary of the BR tool. For details, see [download link](/download-ecosystem-tools.md#br-backup-and-restore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also, you can use the command-line tool to perform backup and restore. First, you need to download the binary file of the BR tool. For details, see [download link](/download-ecosystem-tools.md#br-backup-and-restore).
```

> Take the command-line tool as an example to introduce how to perform backup and restoration operations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following section takes the command-line tool as an example to introduce how to perform backup and restore operations.
```
